Up until this point we write our posts our questions or
answers in a text area without knowing how they
will look before we actually submit them.
I think it would be better to have a feature that
allows us to see how our post will look like before
we save them into database.
This will make writing the post much easier
and make our app look more professional.
So in this section we're going to build this kind of feature.
If it can't get the picture let's see in GitHub
so here you can write something in mardown syntax.
Then you can hit the preview tab to see how
it look like if you think your post look good
You can then hit the submit button to persist your
post or if you think there's something wrong with
your post then you can simply switch
back to write tab and continue editing.
So we're going to build this markdown editor but in much simpler.
And to make out app more interesting
we're also going to implement syntax highlight so that
all code that we write in our app will be presented
beautifully.
So this section can be contains two parts and each
part will be isolated into two different working
branches. In the first one
we're going to create the editor component or how we
compose some components such as tabs cards and
so on to produce text box along with the mardown
preview. Then in the second one we will be implementing
the syntax highlight for code formatting in our page.
OK let's get started.